docs: Custom App development by non-admins (#3145)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/releases/2023-11/user-access-for-local-development.mdx

---
date: 2023-11-09
title: Introduced granular permissions for Custom Application local development
description: Custom Application can now be developed by members of a Team with limited permissions.
type: enhancement
topics:
  - Merchant Center
  - Development
  - Configuration
---

You can now have a dedicated team with restricted permissions for local development of your Custom Applications, which was previously available only for members of the `Administrators` Team.

> To leverage this feature, ensure your `app-kit` packages are updated to version `22.5.0` or higher, and refer to the guide provided in the [help needed](/help-needed#granular-permissions-for-custom-application-local-development) section within the Custom Application documentation.

Reviewer: Do you think we should mention here that this is more of a workaround as it has some tradeoffs?

Author: Thank you, that's a great point. I've included this information in an infobox

---
date: 2023-11-09
title: Introduced granular permissions for Custom Application local development
description: Custom Applications can now be developed by members of a Team with limited permissions.
type: enhancement
topics:
  - Merchant Center
  - Development
  - Configuration
---

> You can now have a dedicated Team with restricted permissions for local development of your Custom Applications, which was previously available only for members of the `Administrators` Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use a dedicated Team with restricted permissions for local development of your Custom Applications, which was previously available only for members of the `Administrators` Team.
```

> To leverage this feature, ensure your `app-kit` packages are updated to version `22.5.0` or higher, and refer to the guide provided in the [help needed](/help-needed#granular-permissions-for-custom-application-local-development) section within the Custom Application documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Granular permissions for local development](/help-needed#granular-permissions-local-development) within the Custom Applications documentation.
```

We'll leave the details to the docs themselves (single source of truth).
